wmg took my pants and I loved it fuck it
rolls off the tongue edge here max do
you like ice is it was a good fucking
necks good like days later talk about us
now have a nightmares fucking rubik did
I need a name that's fucking good not as
good as metal Chris on Mike one hit GT
will be a bike to these fucking sticks
that good as these but uh rubik do remix
dude just like a Rubik's get is that's a
joke I think so maybe we should we
should definitely rested life of dude do
you know what a Rubik's Cube a reference
to like this cube that came out in the
80s okay I guess I'll take this um it's
alright with me head to be nothing but
gates just hand me gas just big old
hands JJ silly oh my goodness not
multiple gates but gasoline this bucket
here to me tanks Oh case oh I didn't
even swing why don't you swing bro cuz
you bad you just threw your forty
dollars back said I keep the change you
filthy animal right how do I do that how
did you do that how am I gonna window
now you're not you're gonna take them to
an angle lose so you better crunch in
there sir fuck you you just pretend like
you didn't want to give him the land
that you just didn't give him yuck all
the matchup stats oh yeah it'd be better
if used 16 or 20 chain reaction oh I
have to actually wake up now anymore
canada dry ginger ale official ginger o
WG person to thrill of canada do kids
write so fucking good man it is pretty
good shit is great burgers is sweet it's
sugar love it I know what it is I know
what it is it's cream soda with fucking
um ginger ale in it yeah that's what I
think it is
why you dude that's good oh yeah you
better fucking Rusk that's a chunk of
Mount 9 yo pussy on Tuesday bitch see
you on tues at two o'clock 2099 boom get
it it tuesday 9 p.m. that's when we
gonna be at eastern standard yes key
stand but you know he's gonna do hear me
sitting on chain reaction or is it a
fucking flame-brain chain reaction this
is you still got Bowie's and a grenade
so boys and girls all in lamp plant lamp
lamp is not the worst let him and him no
can't late two dudes now it's one dude
are these spells ever diver I don't know
how you drive huh you've got the Roman
midnight ride tiger right I could see if
it's part 4 no 3 knows mood but
describes made of like nice see one dude
one dude cuz rule them all paggi
attitude is he wanted to kill the buddy
wood added a little spell you know he
would have played the spell that divvy
them up which would erect me hard creaks
like drinks boom to this guys fucking
solo roll this murder trial fucking he
got grenade yeah yeah I doubt about the
fuck I just got to get him three come on
and with that of a spell son he loves
felt kid real close I would grenade if
he goes to kill one of them it's not an
instant so don't matter though oh it's
fair it's not if it is his home here so
it dont better no whips shevata lose 13
he needs to be bad here I knew mistake
dog mistakes I love them I'll take them
I like phone I like these mistakes hair
full like these mistakes Vicky grenade
and smash or just whack and shocked when
he blacks soon I already won this game
well go mr. fucking I already won this
game on his game six that's like what I
need soonish it are you did my math son
my math happy kid what what well I know
you gonna take it I know I know you
gonna take it get out no what what
Jacques gonna do now I'm gonna shock it
why would I do that why would I do that
why would I do that when I can just an
80 for six right taking the two in there
would Oh kill his ass that's what I
thought oh that's that Steven's SS
secret Stevens sheoran even that's that
secret Stevens right there son did not
go to see that shit covered you better
hold that Steven's above your head show
everybody that's what that motherfucker
is right there Oh Stevens oh we thought
he had it but it and he didn't have it
never hold it next with the airings me
that's cool dude that's cool dude that's
real cool i'll take six go to seven you
go to 0 which is lower than Seth yep
Beetham Stevens secret style just
criminal is that Kundalini Stevens nice
I didn't see it
you